Update vagrant cloud notice to hcp vagrant (#13542)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/content/vagrant-cloud/boxes/create.mdx

# Creating a New Vagrant Box

@include 'vagrant-cloud-deprecation.mdx'

> This page will cover creating a new box in Vagrant Cloud and how to distribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will cover creating a new box in HCP Vagrant Registry and how to distribute
```

> it to users. Boxes can be distributed without Vagrant Cloud, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it to users. Boxes can be distributed without HCP Vagrant Registry, but
```
